ISKCON LIVE DESK — IN-APP UPDATES (v0.5.2)

ONE-TIME UPGRADE
An older app has no updater, so this version must be extracted/opened once.
Pause automation when no live/recording is active. Close the old app, extract
ISKCON-Live-Desk.zip to a permanent writable folder, then OPEN-LIVE-DESK.cmd.
Click Start with Windows once to point the existing shortcut to this folder.
Keep using the SAME Windows login. Existing settings, schedule, YT/FB tokens,
OBS password and camera password remain outside the app folder and are reused.
Existing optional administrator-OBS task remains installed.

NORMAL FUTURE UPDATE
Dashboard > Updates > Open update controls, or Windows launcher > App updates.
Configure the maintainer's permanent HTTPS latest.json address once. Click
Check for updates, then Download & install. The app downloads the release itself;
no manual ZIP extraction or new version folder is required for future updates.
Pause automation and finish all OBS outputs first. If idle status cannot be
verified, installation is refused. OBS itself is never restarted by the updater.
App files are swapped at the same folder path after the old process exits.
The new app opens automatically; run Check connections and Enable automation.
Phone pairing may be needed again after restart. Startup shortcut stays valid.

ONLINE UPDATE ADDRESS
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bawra6291-lab/Live-Studio/main/updates/latest.json

This address is built into v0.5.1. Existing v0.5.0 users should paste it once
into App updates, then Check for updates > Download & install.
Repository: https://github.com/bawra6291-lab/Live-Studio
The manifest address stays fixed. Each package lives at its versioned path so
older downloads remain valid when a newer release is published.
Chat attachments and ChatGPT Library links are not update feeds. Keep personal
settings, diagnostics, tokens and OAuth files out of the public repository.

ALTERNATIVE
Install an update file lets you select an updater-ready ZIP already received
from your app maintainer. This is an offline fallback; it still requires obtaining
that file. v0.4 and older ZIPs are not updater packages.

RECOVERY
Before switching versions the app keeps a sibling ISKCON-Live-Start-previous-*
folder. If the new process exits before the startup confirmation, the old folder
is restored and reopened. If the new process is still running but confirmation
is missing, it is NOT killed: inspect it and the status in App updates.
Update result: %LOCALAPPDATA%\ISKCON-Live-Start\updates\last-result.json.
If Windows/antivirus interrupts a folder move, close Live Desk, retain both
folders, and restore the previous folder to the original app path. Settings and
Windows Credential Manager remain separate. Do not delete those settings.
A release requiring different Python dependencies is refused with a clear
message; it may require a one-time dependency installer.

RELEASE MAINTAINER
1. Increment version.json to a higher three-part version (example 0.5.1).
2. Update source and tests. Keep requirements unchanged for ordinary updates.
3. Build using the new version in the base URL:
   py tools\build_release.py --output ..\release --base-url https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bawra6291-lab/Live-Studio/main/updates/NEW-VERSION --notes "Describe this update"
4. Commit the ZIP to updates/NEW-VERSION/ISKCON-Live-Desk.zip and the generated
   latest.json to updates/latest.json together on main. Preserve older packages.
5. Verify the public manifest and package checksum before announcing the release.
Do not publish any saved credentials, diagnostics or the LOCALAPPDATA directory.
Updater uses verified HTTPS plus SHA-256 integrity checks, bounded downloads,
path checks and exact archive file checks. Releases are not digitally signed;
only use a source controlled by the maintainer. Anyone controlling that source
can supply executable app updates. The updater never requests administrator
privileges, runs pip, or installs a background service.

UPGRADING FROM 0.5.0 / 0.5.1 WITH REPLAY BUFFER UNAVAILABLE
The old OBS idle check may reject installation with OBS open even when no output
is running. Finish any active live/recording/replay normally, pause automation,
then exit OBS through File > Exit (not just minimize to tray). Keep Live Desk
open. Check for updates and install 0.5.2. Do not run Check connections or reopen
OBS during the update. This avoids the old replay-status check because OBS is
closed. After Live Desk restarts, Check connections may reopen OBS normally.
Confirm Installed version 0.5.2 before enabling your saved future schedule.
